[ The characters, organizations, locations, and incidents that appear in this drama are not factual. ]
Timing & subtitles brought to you by the Touch Me If You Can Team @ Viki
Jang Beom Ho?
Hey stop! Stop!
Who was that?
She is Prosecutor Seo I Ra from the Bukcheon Prosecutors Office.
Untouchable
- 13 -
Just 50 years ago, Bukcheon was an extremely poor country village
But now, it's the most prosperous city in the Republic of Korea!
Your fathers and grandfathers have built this place with their blood, sweat, and tears!
This makes no sense.
The car was in the parking lot yesterday and today and then he left 40 minutes ago.
- Really?
- Yes.
I would never work for anyone other than mayor Jang Beom Ho.
Yes.
I would kill a person if he asked me to.
What's up?
I definitely saw it with my own eyes, but I just can't believe it.
I felt that I should tell you anyway.
I saw your dead father.
I wasn't dreaming and it wasn't a ghost. I was in my right mind and I clearly saw your father.
The former mayor Jang Beom Ho is alive.
What do you mean you saw my father?
My father is dead and we had his funeral.
But I saw him, even though he is supposed to be dead.
Are you sure it wasn't someone who just looked like him?
After I got back, I checked his old videos and pictures.
There is no mistaking is was him.
Where?
At the airport. I saw him while I was chasing Joo Tae Seop.
Joo Tae Seop?
He was with Joo Tae Seop.
Yes, mother.
Come home early today.
I have some work to do today.
Today is your father's birthday.
This is the first birthday since his death. Let's have a family meal together.
I understand. I'll be there.
Were you the only one that saw my father?
Yes.
I still can't believe that your father is gone.
I feel like he might just appear all of a sudden.
The house feels so empty and lonely.
What's the point in thinking about a dead person? Forget him.
Is that easy for you guys?
But then again, none of you remembered today was his birthday.
No matter how much he was lacking, he was still your father. Your father.
Mother, hyung was the last person to see father alive, right?
Yes, Gi Seo saw him last. Why?
I was just curious about how he looked at his final moment.
Just curious?
You don't seem to have even the slightest bit of guilt about not being there when father was on his deathbed.
Father came to see me just before he passed away.
Your father did? What did he say?
He was worried a lot about the region and expressed a lot of regret, unlike himself.
Maybe he sensed that he would be going soon.
Otherwise, he wouldn't have come to you and showed you his weak side.
Did he talk about anything else?
He worried a lot about you in particular.
What was he worried about?
What's the point in talking about that now since father is dead? It doesn't mean anything.
Tell me now, what did he say?
Gi Seo, your father worried about you because he cared for you.
And like Joon Seo said, what point is there in bringing it up now?
He's already gone. Let's just focus on the good things.
Hello in-law.
Hello. What brings you here so unexpectedly?
Today is Beom Ho's birthday.
I thought you would have a difficult time being on your own. I came to offer some comfort.
Thank you.
You haven't eaten, right? Please have a seat.
Sure.
How nice it would be if Beom Ho was here with us. It's really unfortunate.
It's so regrettable.
He still has so much work to do.
Which hospital is it?
Dong Pa Hospital...
Do you happen to know why Dr. Yoo Jae Sung suddenly switched hospitals?
Really?
I understand. Thank you.
Dong Pa Hospital
Director Yoo Jae Sung
Meet Ito again and tell him my wishes.
Okay. I understand.
But I don't think it will be easy to convince him.
I don't think we'll be able to stop drugs from coming into Bukcheon.
Then kill Ito.
There was one time I wondered if father was still alive.
Father's voice...
Kill Ito.
Beom Ho was always the object of my envy.
When I was young, it was my dream to live like Beom Ho.
I think in high school once, Beom Ho came back from a trip to Japan wearing a suit.
I wanted to wear it so badly.
Harimoto Ichiro
I even secretly tried it on.
Now that I think about it, I guess I knew Beom Ho the longest.
Yes, he relied on you the most when he was alive.
No, it's the other way around. I owe Beom Ho so much.
I'm very sorry.
I'm also sorry that my daughter hasn't been able to bear you a grandson.
Gi Seo, I will pay back to you everything I owed your father.
I will think of you as Beom Ho
By the way, I was really shocked on my way in.
Is Beom Ho alive?
Joon Seo looks so much like Beom Ho that I mistook him for his father.
I do not resemble my father.
No. You give off the same vibe.
I can sense Beom Ho's presence in a way no one else can.
Beom Ho is alive.
Under the name of Jang Joon Seo.
Oh, well. Can't be helped. I'll call you again.
He says he can't reveal the original recording file.
He can't give me any information about the reporter either.
Meet Ito again and relay my message.
I understand.
I kept listening to it, but I don't think I can find an evidence that proves that he's alive and recorded it.
Play it again.
Meet Ito again and relay my message.
I understand.
[ Joo Tae Seop voice recording ]
Everything Park Tae Jin says will be recorded.
Make Park Tae Jin say he ordered the murder.
Then...
How should I bring it out of him?
Ask him if he'll kill me the way he killed Kang Moon Sik.
I understand.
Meet Ito again and relay my message.
Yes, I understand.
How should I bring it out of him?
Meet Ito again and relay my message.
Yes, I understand.
- This person is...
- Joo Tae Seop.
The police. Don't you trust the police?
You're right. They're similar.
Joo Tae Seop was released from prison long time after Father passed away.
He spend eight years in prison.
Then...
It means Joo Tae Seop spoke to a dead man.
By chance... Do you know a man named Harimoto?
Father sold Heugryeongdo to that man.
Besides that.
I don't know much other than that.
You really don't know anything about your father.
Father never told me anything about anything! How could I know?
Why does Father-in-Law stepping up and...
say things like how Joon Seo takes after Father? I don't know why he's doing that.
Right before Father passed away, what do you think he told Joon Seo?
I feel like I know.
What do you know?
If he was suspecting his own death...
Don't you think he would've spoken about his successor?
That's right. He probably told Joon Seo to take over.
And that is the reason why I must become the mayor.
The reason I must become one after my grandfather and father.
[ Bukcheon Prison ]
Please excuse us.
Timing & subtitles brought to you by the Touch Me If You Can Team @ Viki
What is it?
Prosecutor Seo I Ra... saw him.
He probably told Jang Joon Seo as well.
We'll have to clean up some surroundings that we've been pushing off.
Seeing that he's not answering my phone, I think he's hiding something.
What's even more suspicious is... why did he take the position of the deputy director of Dongpa Hospital?
Considering medical positions, he didn't even serve as a manager...
But to be promoted to a deputy director is extremely unconventional.
I'm sure we'll get our answer when we meet and ask him.
He won't tell us easily.
He tasted backend deals.
There's no reason he'd deny an offer that is much better.
There's something I realized the hard way.
Sincerity isn't enough to move one's heart.
Don't jump to conclusions. Sincerity works on some people.
Which floor does that doctor live on?
On the 13th floor.
Are you okay?
By chance, is he...
May I take him to the morgue?
He's the doctor. He's still alive. Call 911.
Okay.
Oh, my goodness...
How could that happen?
[ Ambulance ]
How does it look?
The bleeding did stop, but...
Is he conscious?
Save me... save me...
Yes, don't worry. We'll arrive at Bukcheon Hospital soon.
You can't take me to the Bukcheon Hospital.
Go somewhere else. As far as Bukcheon if possible. Please.
If we wait any longer, your life is in danger.
I'm a doctor. I'll be okay for another two to three hours.
Please save me. Go somewhere else besides Bukcheon. Please.
He really wants to live.
All right. I'll do as you wish.
Thank you.
You remember me, right?
I'm the son of Former Mayor Jang Beom Ho. I'll ask you only one thing.
Did my father pass away that day for sure?
To the trauma center... Please...
Um...
[ Bukcheon General Hospital ]
Yes, I'm at Bukcheon Hospital. They haven't arrived here yet.
[ Gyeongseo University Hospital ]
It means you did indeed see my father, Prosecutor Seo.
They killed Yoo Jae Seong in order to hide that fact.
Now, everything I was stuck on can be explained.
My father who is alive is behind Yong Hak Soo.
What do we do now?
Why? Why did they do all these things? Why?
Why... did he make a choice to live as a dead man?
Take it off for a minute.
Why?
A button is missing.
Jung Yoon Mi is spreading words about your extramarital affair.
I think it's because of Yoo Na Na's testimony in the courtroom.
She knows too much.
Even about suing you for sexual assault at Saju.
Can I do whatever I want to?
No, I will deal with Yoo Na Na.
Do you love her?
No.
Are you going to meet her?
Even if I don't meet with her personally, I have a way to deal with her.
Do you trust that woman?
Don't trust her. Trust...
is something we don't need.
That extramarital affair rumor... Did you spread that, Assemblyman Kim?
It was done for you.
Everyone will think that I did it.
If you feel too burdensome about it, I'll see to it that it was revealed by another source...
No, an affair is also a crime.
I fought against crime all my life.
It suits my image as the former police chief.
A criminal who maintains a sexual relationship with another woman when he has his own family...
I can't let such a person become the Bukcheon Mayor.
That's right, but why did you change your mind suddenly?
I have to win. I have to win to not get stepped on.
Recovery room
Okay, I understand.
- How did his surgery go?
- Yoo Jae Seong disappeared.
What?
Let him go.
What do you mean?
That person thinks that if he is with us,
he'll die whether or not he reveals the truth.
President Jang Gi Seo has asked you to go see him.
You're telling me to sleep here?
Stay here for the night. I'll set something else up tomorrow.
I'll be fine, I just want to go home and sleep.
You saw my father.
You saw the most dangerous person on Earth.
Why? Are you upset that President Jang Gi Seo didn't come himself?
Were you thinking of leaving Bukcheon?
Yes.
What are you going to do? I have no thoughts of just sending you away.
I want to recommend the safest place for you to stay.
Stay there for about a year.
Where is that?
It's not a place I can send you to.
You have to go yourself.
Goo Ja Gyeong
Call me. Tell me just enough for you to go in for a year.
Of course I'm not letting you go for free.
You'll get paid enough salary.
By the time you come out, there will be a big present waiting for you.
This is for the person you love.
You can do it, right?
Don't come.
Someone recommended that I write my autobiography there before it's too late.
So, I thought about it.
But all I can think of are things that I did wrong and are regrettable.
Yoo Na Na who got into a scandal with Candidate Jang Gi Seo
has been arrested by the police for threatening and bribery.
What did you say?
Something is being fabricated, I'll find out through the police.
The threats she made to Candidate Jang's wife over the phone
were also revealed.
When we throw a punch, a counterpunch comes right back at us.
He's a tough opponent to beat.
[Viki Ver] jTBC E12 Untouchable
-= Ruo Xi =-
Why did you do such a foolish thing?
I didn't know that would be revealed, like a fool.
Na Na...
If I had put up such a show at the trial, shouldn't I be compensated for it?
I only requested a just compensation.
If it was for money, I could have given you as much as you wanted.
Money that you give me... It's the cost of having me.
I actually feel more comfortable, because I don't have to see you anymore.
I'll get you a lawyer.
What a joke. I'm using you.
I'm not the kind of woman you think I am.
Do you get it? You fool?!
- Get back safely.
- Work hard!
Rest up.
Stay with her 24/7. If I have time, I'll trade with you.
I got it.
You be careful too. Always check your surroundings carefully.
I think there's a rat following you around already.
- What do you want to eat for lunch?
- Lunch? Anything will do.
Let's go eat mixed noodles.
Have you seen that recently?
Team Leader Jang.
Aish.
Get lost.
Please don't misunderstand.
We're just doing this because we received orders from the higher-ups.
I only warn you once.
Remember that.
We have to catch Joo Tae Seop.
Joo Tae Seop? Is he related to Yong Hak Soo too?
Why do you keep wrestling with a small fish?
Shouldn't you get down to the essence of the case?
The answer will come out if we catch Joo Tae Seop.
Right now, the most important thing is to find out where he is. Please, I beg you.
I don't know what we're doing right now.
What is our goal?
Aren't we revealing why our police officers died
and who killed them after going into Heugryeongdo?
That's why you were fired.
Why do you question the orders from your superiors?
Just do what you're told to do.
I wasn't fired, I quit myself.
Stop it guys.
Team Leader Jang is the most desperate among us. Just trust and follow him.
I'm going to go to the station and get some files.
- You guys get on your feet and search.
- Where to?
How many years have you worked as a detective? Figure it out, man.
You should at least set the direction for us to run or crawl!
Ah, so frustrating! Seriously!
Hey, if I rebel, do you want to follow me?
Up until now, you and I were fighting for no reason.
You were always the reason.
Father is alive.
Are you in the right state of mind?
I'm going to find our living father.
How did you get to the point of this delusion?
Think about it carefully.
The things that are impossible unless Father is alive...
I'm sure they have happened to you as if they were coincidental.
You and I both... We were just puppets that Father controlled behind the scenes.
We lost our lives to our father.
Do you really believe it? That father is alive?
I'll find him to show you. Our living father.
If rumours like that spread around, our family is done for.
But why are you following rumours like that?
You should block those rumours instead. If you are our family.
You saw it too. Father killed someone.
The father who beat Kyung Seok Ahjussi like a dog...
Father is a murderer. I have to find him.
That was in the past. He is no longer a person of this world.
Even though he's dead, he's still killing people.
Father is alive.
Don't chase after this.
Whether he's alive or dead, do not chase after him.
You will ruin our family.
If you don't listen to me, I'm going to give up on you as family.
If that's what you want, then go ahead.
But you have to remember that is our fate
that father planned ahead for us.
- Let's eat.
- Yes.
- How's Prosecutor Seo?
- She got off work and came home right away.
Good job.
But hyung, what are you going to do about Prosecutor Seo?
What do you mean what will I do about her? I just have to protect her for now.
Prosecutor Seo, is someone who got to this point with her own power
What she said about wanting to become a star prosecutor... it's all a lie.
She's been cornered into this dangerous situation because of you, Hyung.
Don't you have to take some responsibility?
I'll make it up to her later on.
You're one of two types,
either a bad guy who uses a woman's feelings
or a really bad guy who knows a woman's feelings but pretends not to know.
Go, you punk. Don't say useless things.
If you're going to live as a bad guy, then just reveal that you're a bad guy.
Don't give her hope.
I'm leaving, I'll enjoy this.
Think about it carefully.
The things that are impossible unless Father is alive...
I'm sure they have happened to you as if they were coincidental.
Was it really what Father wanted?
You'll know if you check his signature.
Who gave that to you?
If it's difficult to say, then you don't have to.
In any case, you gave me a great weapon.
I have to be thankful to you this time too, right?
I recorded it in order for me to survive. No need to thank me.
- You saved me.
- You must become Mayor.
That's what your father wanted.
Did you look into it?
Where is that doctor right now?
It's been confirmed that he became the deputy director of Dongpa Hospital.
But he has cut off all contact right now.
Is that so?
There was someone who was asking about that doctor.
Who was it?
Bukcheon Prosecutor's Office, Prosecutor Seo I Ra.
Seo I Ra?
Call me when you get off work.
If you have to go out in the middle of the day, don't forget to go with an investigator.
Do I have to go that far?
Do it. Listen to me. Please.
Also, I hope you can get out of this case as soon as possible.
I also hope you can take your hands off the trial.
You don't have to overreact too much.
I'm a prosecutor, and this is part of my job.
I'm telling you to get out of this for me.
I'm not doing this because of you.
For the first time since I became a prosecutor, I've found something I have to do as a prosector.
I'm doing it with you because it's the right thing to do.
Our opponent is my father. A lot of people will get hurt.
I have to keep going. This is the path I chose.
Then promise me one thing.
If I tell you to get out of this case again,
get off the case then. This is my request.
I'll call you.
Yes?
What?
Goo Do Soo, what happened?!
You should have stopped him!
Hey, Heugryeongdo is a place where four out of five detectives came back dead.
What are we going to do if Lee Sung Gyun goes there by himself?!
Of course I stopped him! I told him he would die if he went!
But he kept saying Joo Tae Seop is there. What can I do?
He kept saying we have to get to Heugryeongdo without beating around the bush to catch him! What can I do?
- What did he take to get there?
- Of course he took a boat, would he walk?
Can you crack a joke right now? Which boat did he take?
He rented a small boat and drove it himself.
If it gets dangerous, he said he'd just sail around and come back.
Why isn't he back yet?
Hey, what do we do?
Get a boat.
No, that's too dangerous.
We have to save him. We have to save him no matter what.
Wait, that boat over there!
Prosecutor Seo, you have to stop Joon Seo.
He does too many dangerous things.
Well, that's not something I can control.
He says our father is alive.
I don't know where that's coming from.
Do you know? Why he started to think of that?
There must be a reason.
Did someone see him? My father?
That...
Who was it? The person who saw him.
Your father will know.
He also saw that person.
Please tell the person who saw my father what I'm about to say.
If he spread such a false rumor again, he'll get hurt.
Bukcheon is surprisingly a dangerous place.
I'm sure you know, Prosecutor.
I couldn't even get close to Heugryeongdo. The coast guard butted in all of a sudden.
Saying it's a restricted area. I'm speechless...
Consider yourself lucky. The coast guard saved your life, man.
You worked hard all this time.
I think it will be good for both of us for you to leave us at this point.
I'll apologize for acting on my own.
- But...
- I'm not saying you did wrong, Detective Lee. It's just that...
Please understand me.
You're not suited for this case, Detective Lee.
Team Leader, he didn't do that without anything thinking.
He is right in one way. So...
Forget it. There's no need for me to stay when he says he doesn't need me.
This is good. I really hated working for one person.
Hyung. I don't think this is right.
This isn't your style either. He put his life on the line. Why...
Why put his life on the line over that?
Things will become even more dangerous from now on.
If you think your life is in danger, please pull yourself back no matter what.
Our opponent is Jang Beom Ho. Live Jang Beom Ho.
Live Jang Beom Ho?
Father is alive.
Why would Goo Ja Gyeong support Gi Seo hyung to become the mayor all of a sudden?
That's because... he's her husband. Isn't that obvious?
Goo Ja Gyeong never thinks of herself as Jang Family's daughter-in-law.
It means there's something she's getting back as a payback when Gi Seo hyung becomes the mayor.
You said he gave her the Expo land to Ja Gyeong. They must've compromised over that.
That land belongs to NJ Group in reality. It's an empty can.
Goo Ja Gyeong, that shrewd fox stepped on s*** this time for sure.
The Expo land has lots of problems.
It's a land that can be tied up again as a greenbelt land if corruptions were revealed.
But why would they fight over it so much?
Even the Japanese real estate company has jumped in.
The way I see it, NJ Group guys were scammed by Beom Ho hyung at the last minute.
Think about it. If the land was that important, would he have used that land as collateral to get money right before he died?
The problem is Former President Goo Yong Chan is also quite interested in that land.
Of course!
If the corruption behind it is revealed, Goo Yong Chan is directly connected to it.
There are three possibilities.
There's a nuclear bomb that will blow up and kill everyone in that land.
Or golden nuggets are buried there. Or both.
[ Bukcheon Daily News
The greenbelt around the 500,000 pyung of Expo designated land should be released ]
It's the article that was going to get published today. I stopped it.
Is it a fortunate thing from the NJ Group's position?
If the article is published and becomes an issue, that land won't be worth 500 billion won.
The reason you're showing me this is because you can always publish the article if you ever change your mind.
That's what you're saying, right?
Of course, NJ isn't the only party who will lose out if this ever got published.
If the circumstances change, that land will be worth 500 billion won...
No... It might become even more valuable.
Are you suggesting we compromise?
My father-in-law has been protecting that land from previous generations.
For that land to be turned over to a Japanese corporation... I don't think that's our rightful duty toward him.
I understand. I'll discuss it with Chairman Harimoto.
What is it?
It's a package for Chairman Harimoto of NJ Headquarters of Japan.
Okay.
Timing & subtitles brought to you by the Touch Me If You Can Team @ Viki
[ Jang Beom Ho ]
Jang Beom Ho.
[ Harimoto Ichiro ]
Harimoto Ichiro.
Goo Yong Chan...
I received a call from the coast guard early this morning. They saw a suspicious movement.
Why are you telling me that?
He's one of the guys who is helping Director Jang Joon Seo.
A guy helping Jang Joon Seo?
A few detectives he used to work with are acting as Director Jang Joon Seo's hands and feet.
Arrest all of them and put them away.
But the reason that's not so easy to do is that they're all detectives and...
Director Jang Joon Seo's got their back.
It's beyond what I can do.
Arrest them and put them away using any way you can.
We must cut off his hands and feet, so he won't be able to do anything. We must.
I will do that.
Hi, Noona. What's up?
Uncle.
Hi, Hyung.
Mom is next to me.
Where is that?
I'm here with a policeman.
Okay, give it to me.
Your sister and nephew are under the protection of the police.
You can rest assured.
Who are you, a**hole?
- You told your brother, right?
- Yeah.
By chance, did you say I saw your father?
No. I didn't say that.
Oh, really?
Why? Does Hyung know that you saw him?
No, it's not that, but for some reason...
Yes, Team Leader Go.
Yes, I got a call from Lee Seong Gyoon. He knows where Joo Tae Seop is.
We're on our way there.
I got it. Where is that?
Uncle!
- You're okay, right? Nothing happened, right?
- Yeah.
Take this and go somewhere safe besides your home. Understand?
Who are you guys? Which squad do you belong to?
Where do you belong?
What is it?
Team Leader.
What's with you?
Um, there's an accident in the middle of the highway.
You'll have to take a detour.
Stop, stop, stop!
C'mon, you a**holes!
Retreat!
Don't die, Lee Seong Gyoon.
You can't die.
Live. Live no matter what!
Please I beg you, Lee Seong Gyoon. Please.
The police from that time... Is this him?
Yes. It's him.
You said he talked to your brother, right?
Yes.
By chance, do you remember what they said?
Your sister and nephew are under the protection of the police.
You can rest assured.
Who are you, a**hole?
I know where that person your colleagues are looking for is.
You must let your colleagues know where he is.
By chance, are you Joo Tae Seop?
You stay out of it.
So that your sister and your cute nephew will be both safe.
Joo Tae Seop threatened him.
Detective Lee had no choice but to send you all there even though he knew it was a trap.
He ran to you guys after securing those two people's safety.
So, you're saying he died trying to save us, huh?
What kind of sucky situation is this?
I always picked on him.
Why did he have to die fussing all over like that?
Who is it? The person who ordered Joo Tae Seop? Who is it exactly?
Say something. So that we can relieve that guy's resentment.
The fact that police force was used... It means it's connected to Chief No Ji Hwan.
That means President Jang Gi Seo is behind it.
Joo Tae Seop was hiding in the midst of the police officers.
Joo Tae Seop is the one who killed Lee Seong Gyoon.
Joo Tae Seop, that a**hole...
When I saw Former Mayor Jang Beom Ho, Joo Tae Seop was with him.
It's probably more correct that he receives order from Former Mayor Jang Beom Ho rather than President Jang Gi Seo.
Why is everything so complicated? Make it simple.
Who's the one we need to catch and kill?
Is it your brother? Or your father, Team Leader?
- You're speaking too rashly.
- Am I wrong?
Lee Seong Gyoon is right. We shouldn't beat around the bush, but follow the essence.
Who is it? The moron we need to catch and kill.
I have the biggest responsibility.
I'm the one who pulled in Lee Seong Gyoon. And I'm the one who created this situation.
That's not what I'm asking! Where are you going?
Detective Goo, please not today... Please...
Why are you doing this?
I will take care of your family for the rest of my life.
That's the only thing I can do to ask for forgiveness.
I don't even know who you are.
I'm... Lee Seong Gyoon and...
Lee Seong Gyoon's father... I'm the son of the murderer who killed them both.
Please don't forgive my father.
I won't forgive my father either.
Timing & subtitles brought to you by the Touch Me If You Can Team @ Viki
[ Untouchable ]
There's no news of Lee Seong Gyoon's murder in the newspaper, TV, internet, anywhere.
I'll ask you one more time. Where is Father?
I'm afraid of Father.
Tell Father. His puppet son is about to get very angry.
You guys are wrong. I'm not Jang Beom Ho.
If I were to become like Jung Hye Unnie, would you miss me as much as you miss her?
Don't come! Don't come!
I will protect you. No matter what.
Are you saying you can't trust your own father either?
You raised me this way, Dad.
I heard Father's breathing.
Tell Hak Soo. Looks like I'll have to go out soon.